# OSHPRACTI.org a newly formed organization created by the people to serve the people as a self funded organization.
The organisation will eradicate the sins enforced on its members who not recognised by government and organizations who demanded exhorbant fees from unemployed South African Professionally Registered Members.
Will apply for Recognition and Registration with the Authorised Councils, Labor and Governance and International Bodies in order to take OSH Compliance to Internal Standards as part of Vision 2030.
The organisation is well structured and rich in resources and expertise to conduct legally required inspection, make training and skills affordable to industry and employers to upskill our workers to be productive safely so employers benefit from a formal Professional OSH Organization that will guarantee better business, reduced incidents and saferr workplaces contributing to sustainable business and an already depleted economy.
OSH Practitioners Representatives Auditors Consultants Trainers Inspectors demand inclusivity and incorporation into governing structures as key contributors  to perform specfic functions as mandated, legally appointed as per OSH and CR Regulations
New normal is emerging in workplaces across South Afica and as we enter this new stage of transition the country is crying out for leadership and a practical plan to ensure that South Africans at work are safe, secure and supported.
Develop Strategy for "Inclusive Safety Professionals and OSH Representatives" with knowledge and skills to advance diversity, equity, and inclusion in the workforce and Legal Framework within South Africa's Governance, Legal Authorative Structures and Governing Bodies.
Bring unions, safety organizations, comittees and business together in a ‘working better’ taskforce to set out a clear plan for how to address skills and workforce shortages, and deliver the Government’s stated ambition of job creation with a high productivity economy.
The Government, Labour Departments, Registered Bodies and Legislation has dismally failed the Occupational Health and Safety Profession, its Registered Practitioners and Workforce Representatives during the pandemic crisis, unlike other countries.
OSHPRACTI.org is a not for profit organisation, created by the people for the people and will partner with business, unions, communities and other organizations nd will be the voice of safety and its members to pave way for imminent change that will createsafer workplaces and prevent workplace incidents, injuries and loss of life.
